Your Majesty, Your Majesty, Your Majesty, Your Majesty
Ning San Si, you will anger His Majesty this way.
So what if I anger him?
If I can’t present the Landscape of the Great Nation and the new embroidery,
it’s still death.
Might as well die quickly now.
Ah, His Majesty is currently at the rear.
Ah, hurry, hurry, your aunt.
Go and explore the Emperor’s recent strange behavior.
It’s a good opportunity to gauge the Emperor’s attitude.
His Majesty is requesting an audience with Long Fei.
What did you say?
Long Fei has arrived.
What?
Quickly let him in, go and see Long Fei.
Long Fei, are you not angry anymore?
I lack the ability.
I’m not capable of managing the affairs.
I hope His Majesty will retract the palace authority.
Please appoint someone more capable.
Does it mean what it says?
I am resigning.
Kill me or punish me as you please.
Don’t speak out of anger.
Since I’ve given you the authority,
there’s no reason to take it back.
What exactly happened?
My instincts were right.
The dog emperor isn’t angry at all.
I was already prepared for his reprimands. Oh God.
Speak.
I was so insolent just now.
Your Majesty.
Aren’t you angry?
I know Concubine Rong has heard some rumors before.
She misunderstood me.
But I will never be angry with you.
Yesterday’s events were my fault.
Is he apologizing to me?
Oh heaven.
Am I hearing things?
Why?
Isn’t His Majesty most fond of Consort Gui?
Yesterday Consort Gui was summoned by the Imperial Censor.
She’s probably very sad now.
He better be at ease.
Rather than plotting with Duke Yuan.
It’s getting worse.
Ah, Your Majesty.
There are some things I cannot explain to you.
But remember,
I only
play along with the consorts.
Ah.